docs: remove ude and mention neural ode (#898)
SciML/DiffEqFlux.jl: README.md

## Problem Domain

> DiffEqFlux.jl is for neural ordinary differential equations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
DiffEqFlux.jl is for implicit layer machine learning.
```
